AWS Secrets Manager multipleKeyValuesPerSecret documentation (#4903)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-secret-stores/aws-secret-manager.md

| accessKey          | Y        | The AWS Access Key to access this resource                              | `"key"`             |
| secretKey          | Y        | The AWS Secret Access Key to access this resource                       | `"secretAccessKey"` |
| sessionToken       | N        | The AWS session token to use                                            | `"sessionToken"`    |

> | multipleKeyValuesPerSecret | N | `"true"` sets the multipleKeyValuesPerSecret behavior. Allows parsing JSON objects stored as secrets into multiple key-value pairs. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| multipleKeyValuesPerSecret | N | When set to `"true"` allows for multiple key value pairs to be stored in a single secret. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"` |
```

> Setup AWS Secrets Manager using the AWS documentation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/tutorials_basic.html.

Reviewer: This section typically goes at the bottom of the components pages so better to add your section above line 63

> ## Multiple key-values per secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure multiple key-values per secret
```

The `multipleKeyValuesPerSecret` flag determines whether the secret store presents a single value or multiple key-value pairs per secret.

> ### Single value per secret (default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Single value per secret
```

If `multipleKeyValuesPerSecret` is `false` (default), AWS Secrets Manager returns the secret value as-is. Given a secret named `database-credentials` with the following JSON content:

```json
{
  "username": "admin",
  "password": "secret123",
  "host": "db.example.com"
}
```

Requesting this secret returns the entire JSON as a single value:

```bash

> $ curl http://localhost:3501/v1.0/secrets/awssecretmanager/database-credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ curl http://localhost:3500/v1.0/secrets/awssecretmanager/database-credentials
```

{
  "database-credentials": "{\"username\":\"admin\",\"password\":\"secret123\",\"host\":\"db.example.com\"}"
}
```

> ### Multiple key-values per secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple key-values per secret
```
```suggestion
### Multiple key-value pairs per secret
```

If `multipleKeyValuesPerSecret` is `true`, the secret store parses JSON content stored in AWS Secrets Manager and returns it as multiple key-value pairs.

> Using the same `database-credentials` secret from above, the response would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requesting the same `database-credentials` secret from above, the response breaks the JSON object into its own entries, allowing it to be parsed into multiple key-value pairs.
```

```bash

> $ curl http://localhost:3501/v1.0/secrets/awssecretmanager/database-credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ curl http://localhost:3500/v1.0/secrets/awssecretmanager/database-credentials
```
